Jay Gatsby from The Great Gatsby is admirable, Gatsby making as a man in the roaring 20s, became immensely wealthy as a result of hard work over the years. He does this with his love for Daisy since over 5 years ago as his driver, and he serves as a model for many men trying to make it. While Gatsby pushes his mask of being from old money, through various slip-ups we learn that Gatsby worked hard over the years after he returned from the war to become rich, so he could win over Daisy from Tom. One such slip-up is on page 90 when Gatsby says “It took me just three years to earn the money that bought it[Gatsby’s Mansion]”(Fitzgerald, 90). While Gatsby does try to cover it up, quickly exclaiming how he lost his money in “the big panic of the war” it shows that Gatsby had worked hard over the 5 years since he last met Daisy. He did this, so he could afford the various extravagant displays of his vast wealth to win over Daisy, while simultaneously maintaining his facade of being from old money. Gatsby himself does not need such things, he only uses his bedroom, with the rest reserved for his parties. These parties, like his mansion, were once again to catch the eye of Daisy as noted by Jordan Baker, “Gatsby bought that house so that Daisy would be just across the bay […] I think he half-expected her to wander into one of his parties, some night”(79). While Gatsby does end up in some shady dealings, such as with Mr. Wolfsheim who was responsible for fixing the 1919 World Series, it shows how dedicated he was to Daisy. He was willing to compromise his ethics for the sake of Daisy, much like other self-made men during the 1920s who were involved in illegal activities such as bootlegging for their fortunes, as shown by figures like Al Capone. In conclusion, Jay Gatsby’s rags-to-riches journey and his unwavering love for Daisy make him an admirable character in The Great Gatsby.